feat(specs): FDG spec updates (#8687)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: specs/fault-dispute-game.md

### Claims

Claims assert an [output root][g-output-root] or the state of the FPVM at a given instruction. This is represented as

> `ClaimHash`, a `bytes32` representing an [output root][g-output-root] or a commitment to the last VM state in a trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ClaimHash`, a `bytes32` representing either an [output root][g-output-root] or a commitment to the last VM state in a trace.
```

trace. A FDG is initialized with an output root that corresponds to the state of L2 at a given L2 block number, and

> execution trace subgames are initialized with a claim that commits to the entire execution trace between two conseuctive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execution trace subgames at `SPLIT_DEPTH + 1` are initialized with a claim that commits to the entire execution trace between two consecutive
```

Otherwise, this contradicts the new definition of subgames (1-deep DAGs) when the subgame is rooted at SPLIT_DEPTH+2 for example.

> trace sub-games are initialized with a claim that commits to the entire execution trace between two conseuctive output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trace subgames are initialized with a claim that commits to the entire execution trace between two conseuctive output
```

> trace sub-games are initialized with a claim that commits to the entire execution trace between two conseuctive output

Reviewer: I'm thinking it'll be good to introduce the _subgame_ concept earlier. Maybe as a new section under #Definition that introduces the two types of (sub)games to explain the overall game structure.

Also, perhaps we should avoid reusing _subgame_ here as it has a slightly different meaning in the context of resolution. What do you think about renaming the execution trace _subgame_ to _nested game_ or something else? _Subgame_ is still technically an accurate term to describe execution trace games, so this is also fine by me.

Author: Yeah good call. Added a section on this, but would prefer to not introduce any new vocabulary, already a fairly dense document 😄

### Game Tree

The Game Tree is a binary tree of positions. Every claim in the DAG references a position in the Game Tree.

>  The Game Tree has a split depth and maximum depth, `SPLIT_DEPTH` + `MAX_GAME_DEPTH` respectively, that are both preset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The Game Tree has a split depth and maximum depth, `SPLIT_DEPTH` and `MAX_GAME_DEPTH` respectively, that are both preset
```
